Update rules engine (#501)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/what-is/what-is-a-rule.md

# Definition of a rule

A rule is a set of actions and conditions that allows you to automatize data enrichment.

> For instance, using rules you can automatically:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, rules allow you to automatically:
```

- fill in attributes
- categorize new products
- set a default value to an empty attribute

> - assign values, such as a family, to new products

Author: I removed "such as a family" ;)

- copy an attribute value to another attribute

> Rules can only be created and then imported in Akeneo using a YML file, but you can manage them from the UI. Check our [How to manage your rules](manage-your-rules.html) article.

Reviewer 2: Same remark about the `create and then imported`

> Rules can be prioritized: a rule with a priority of 100 will be applied before a rule having a priority of 10 or 50.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rules can be prioritized: a 100 priority rule will be applied before a 10 or 50 priority one.
```

Reviewer: Maybe explain the different priority levels just before

> Rules can be prioritized from 0 to 100: a rule with a priority of 100 will be applied before a rule having a priority of 10 or 50.

Author: I removed the number ;)

            -   field: name
                operator: CONTAINS
                value: Canon
            -   field: camera_brand
                operator: 'NOT IN'
                value:
                    - canon_brand
        actions:
            -   type: set
                field: camera_brand
                value: canon_brand
```

> Now that you know what a rule is, let's dive into this powerful feature! Discover in [this article](get-started-with-the-rules-engine.html) all the conditions and actions available, and learn how to use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you know what a rule is, let's dive into this powerful feature! Discover in [this article](get-started-with-the-rules-engine.html) all the available conditions and actions, and learn how to use them.
```

::: info

> You can refer to our [technical documentation](https://docs.akeneo.com/latest/manipulate_pim_data/rule/general_information_on_rule_format.html#enrichment-rule-structure) to find more information about the rules engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can refer to our [technical documentation](https://docs.akeneo.com/latest/manipulate_pim_data/rule/general_information_on_rule_format.html#enrichment-rule-structure) to find out more information about the rules engine.
```

            -   type: set
                field: camera_brand
                value: canon_brand

> ```

Reviewer 3: on line 50, I'm not sure we have to specify `.code` anymore, I guess 
```yaml
- field: camera_brand
  operator: 'NOT IN'
  value:
    - canon_brand
```
is enough

> Now that you know what a rule is, let's dive into this powerful feature! Discover in [this article](.) all the conditions and actions available, and learn how to use them.

Reviewer 2: Missing link?
